fix: update uds-package-requirements.md (#396)
defenseunicorns/uds-common: docs/uds-packages/requirements/uds-package-requirements.md

Silver packages:

- [ ] **Must** satisfy all the requirements of [Bronze](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-common/blob/main/docs/uds-packages/requirements/uds-package-requirements.md#bronze) Packages

> - [ ] **Must** define network policies under the `allow` key as required in the [UDS Package Custom Resource](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/main/docs/reference/configuration/UDS%20operator/package.md#example-uds-package-cr)

Reviewer: Imo these should link to the docs site rather than GitHub (that same doc is here - https://uds.defenseunicorns.com/reference/configuration/uds-operator/package/). Not sure if it's the case with this doc but we always optimize readability for the docs site and in some cases there are weird artifacts of that to support specific Astro/Starlight syntax (ex: note/warning blocks). The docs site is also why those folders have a space - probably can/should revisit but the initial reason was to make sure that page titles generated formatted properly iirc.

Reviewer 2: I figured that's why they were like that and am totally on board with changing these to point to the doc site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Must** define network policies under the `allow` key as required in the [UDS Package Custom Resource](https://uds.defenseunicorns.com/reference/configuration/uds-operator/package/#example-uds-package-cr)
```

- [ ] **Should** be created from the [UDS Package Template](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-package-template)
- [ ] **Must** be declaratively bundled in a [Zarf package](https://docs.zarf.dev/ref/create/)

> - [ ] **Must** define any external interfaces under the `expose` key in the [UDS Package Custom Resource](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/main/docs/reference/configuration/UDS%20operator/package.md#example-uds-package-cr)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Must** define any external interfaces under the `expose` key in the [UDS Package Custom Resource](https://uds.defenseunicorns.com/reference/configuration/uds-operator/package/#example-uds-package-cr)
```
